in the United States all of the focus is
on finalizing a ceasefire in Gaza US
President Joe Biden connecting that to
Iran not striking Israel in retaliation
for the assassination of the political
leader of Hamas on Iranian soil we'll
see what Iran does and we'll see what
happens if there any attack but I'm not
giving up those two things tied together
do you have the understanding that Iran
could cease or stop doing a an action if
a ceas fire jail was
possible that's my expectation but we'll
see thank you and at the Pentagon
confirmation that the US is sending a
nuclear-powered submarine to the region
something it very rarely announces along
with an additional aircraft carrier
group and other military equipment so
look our focus is on deescalate the
situation uh we have put these
additional capabilities into the region
to enable us as I highlighted to protect
our forces but also to support the
defense of Israel should it be attacked
the US state department also announced
an additional $20 billion in arm sales
to Israel for fighter jets missiles and
tank ammunition but they were quick to
say it would not be delivered until
2026 and its spokesman also expressed
concerns about upcoming ceasefire
negotiations so uh we've seen the
reports of what they um have said as it
relates to their participation uh our
partners in Cutter have assured us that
they will work to have Hamas represented
a coordinated focus on ending the
Carnage in Gaza in hopes it will prevent
a wider escalation in a region quickly
filling with more US military equipment
and Personnel Patty khane Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer